Warm beer on a cold day isnt my idea of fun.
Its not often you find a soggy banana on the street.
Jenny made the announcement that her baby was an alien.
I was fishing for compliments and accidentally caught a trout.
Joe discovered that traffic cones make excellent megaphones.
Nudist colonies shun fig leaf culture.
Her scream silenced the rowdy teenagers.
The underground bunker was filled with chips and candy.
Happiness can be found in the depths of chocolate pudding.
Smoky the Bear secretly started the fires.
The hawk didnt understand why the ground squirrels didnt want to be his friend.
She says she has the ability to hear the sound track of your life.
He was all business when he wore his clown suit.
Normal activities took extraordinary amounts of concentration at the high altitude.
A purple pig and a green donkey flew a kite in the middle of the night and ended up sunburnt.
My secretary is the only person who truly understands my stamp collecting obsession.
If I dont like something, Ill stay away from it.
He learned the hardest lesson of his life and had the scars, both physical and mental, to prove it.
It must be easy to commit crimes as a snake because you dont have to worry about leaving fingerprints.
Everything was going so well until I was accosted by a purple giraffe.
He went on a whiskey diet and immediately lost three days.
The waves were crashing on the shore, it was a lovely sight.
They say people remember important moments in their life well, yet no one even remembers their own birth.
She tilted her head back and let whip cream stream into her mouth while taking a bath.
The changing of down comforters to cotton bedspreads always meant the squirrels had returned.
I cheated while playing the darts tournament by using a longbow.
The sky is clear, the stars are twinkling.
The complicated school homework left the parents trying to help their kids quite confused.
The llama couldnt resist trying the lemonade.
I was offended by the suggestion that my baby brother was a jewel thief.
They ran around the corner to find that they had traveled back in time.
Erin accidentally created a new universe.
The ice cream trucks bring back bad memories for all of us.
He always wore his sunglasses at night.
Its important to remember to be aware of racist grizzly bears.
She was sad to hear that fireflies are facing extinction due to artificial light, habitat loss, and pesticides.
All she wanted was the answer, but she had no idea how much she would hate it.
If my calculator had a history, it would be more embarrassing than my browser history.
She did her best to help him.
Some bathing suits just shouldnt be worn by some people.
Acres of almond trees lined the interstate highway which complimented the crazy driving nuts.
The team members were hard to tell apart since they all wore their hair in a ponytail.
Hang on, my kittens are scratching at the bathtub and theyll upset by the lack of biscuits.
We have never been to Asia, nor have we visited Africa.
She saw no irony asking me to change but wanting me to accept her for who she is.
He dreamed of leaving his law firm to open a portable dog wash.
He fumbled in the darkness looking for the light switch, but when he finally found it there was someone already there.
He ran out of money, so he had to stop playing poker.
There are over 500 starfish in the bathroom drawer.
The miniature pet elephant became the envy of the neighborhood.